docs/index.rst, before:

.. FMF documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Oct 20 19:01:30 2013.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

PHP Federated Micro-Framework
=============================

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/virtuecenter/framework/master/fmf-logo.jpg

FMF is an opinionated PHP Framework. 

FMF is small and aims to provide a single best-practices approach to addressing all the concerns of developing modern web and mobile-web applications.  

It is No-SQL, API-Centric, Service Oriented, RESTful and uses PubSub decoupling application logic.

Contents:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   setup/index
   concepts/index
   folder/index
   components/index
   theming/index

About the Author
================

PHP FMF was originally created by Ryan Mahoney and sponsored by `Virtue Center for Art & Technology <http://www.virtuecenter.com>`_

Ryan created the framework to take advantage of patterns and concepts popularized in other software languages and architecturs.

He can be reaced at `ryan@virtuecenter.com <mailto:ryan@virtuecenter.com>`_

Contributions
=============

There are currently no outside contributors to the project, however Faizan Sattar from Saleforce.com has advised on the architecture and Daniel Bickett came up with the name.

Copyright and Licence
=====================

FMF is © 2013 Ryan Mahoney and licenced under the `MIT Open Source License <https://github.com/virtuecenter/framework/blob/master/LICENSE>`_

Commit message:

more docs
Former-commit-id: afcc3d79edbabe21dbc070bd1d9bf386b66e6fff

docs/index.rst, after:

.. FMF documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun Oct 20 19:01:30 2013.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

PHP Federated Micro-Framework
=============================

.. image:: https://raw.github.com/virtuecenter/framework/master/fmf-logo.jpg

FMF is an opinionated PHP Framework. 

FMF is small and aims to provide a single best-practices approach to addressing all the concerns of developing modern web and mobile-web applications.  

It can be described as No-SQL, API-Centric, Less-Logic, Service Oriented, RESTful, PubSub and much more.

Contents:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   setup/index
   concepts/index
   folder/index
   components/index
   theming/index

About the Author
================

PHP FMF was originally created by Ryan Mahoney and sponsored by `Virtue Center for Art & Technology <http://www.virtuecenter.com>`_

Ryan created the framework to take advantage of patterns and concepts popularized in other software languages and architecturs.

He can be reaced at `ryan@virtuecenter.com <mailto:ryan@virtuecenter.com>`_

Contributions
=============

There are currently no outside contributors to the project, however Faizan Sattar from Saleforce.com has advised on the architecture and Daniel Bickett came up with the name.

Copyright and Licence
=====================

FMF is © 2013 Ryan Mahoney and licenced under the `MIT Open Source License <https://github.com/virtuecenter/framework/blob/master/LICENSE>`_
